Musical name: Le Rouge et Le Noir
English translation: The Red and The Black
Country of Origin: France
Language of Origin: French
Show time: 2017/1/9
Other information: Le Rouge et le Noir is a rock opera produced by Albert Cohen and directed by François Chouquet and Laurent Seroussi adapted from Stendhal's novel of the same name. Performances take place from September 22, 2016, to January 29, 2017, at Palace à Paris.





Characters:

Geronimo:
The narrator of the musical. He is also a good friend of Julien.  

Julien Sorel： 
The central character of the musical, Julien is the nineteen-year-old son of a provincial carpenter. Ambitious, intelligent, fierce, hypocritical, and an admirer of Napoleon, Julien dreams of rising in the ranks of French society. His photographic memory gives him the opportunity to become a successful priest, but Julien wants only to be a soldier. He tries to balance the two career impulses by becoming a tutor and seducing women. Like any romantic hero, Julien falls in love with his conquests, but also never really has any idea what he is doing. What he knows of the real world comes from books, never experience. He is obsessed with becoming a modern-day Napoleon but always lets those around him choose his own path. Blind ambition leads him to forego less "glorious" opportunities and true love. His failure to succeed in both love and life is also the failure of a society that has no place for him.


Monsieur de Renal: 
Mayor of the small and beautiful town Verriere near the Doubs river. He is a conservative supporter of the Restoration and as a result, is conceited, obtuse, and greedy. He is concerned only with his title and rank, even though he is constantly manipulated and ridiculed. Julien sees him as an adversary

Madame de Renal:
The wife of Monsieur Madame de Renal. She is Julien's first love interest. She truly loves Julien and although she cheats on her husband, she is a symbol of moral purity and kindness. Unlike every other character, she is honest, compassionate, and resourceful. 

Elisa:
maid. Elisa is the first woman to fall in love with Julien.
She saw Julien having an affair with Mme in the garden. 

Monsieur Valenod:
A bourgeois liberal and thus M. de Rênal's nemesis. M. Valenod has made his fortune by running the local poorhouse, cheating the less fortunate of society out of what little money they have. He is jealous of Julien's affair with Mme. de Rênal and avenges his pride by voting for Julien's execution. 

Madame Valenod
Wife of Monsieur Valenod 

Marquis de la Mole
The benefactor of M. Pirard and Julien's employer in Paris. Marquis de la Mole is a symbol of the dying aristocracy. He treats Julien as an equal, but only when Julien wears the right clothes. He is fearful of Julien's intelligence and ambition and ennobles him reluctantly. When he found out that his daughter Mathilde got pregnant by Julien, he allowed her to marry Julien.

Mathilde de la Mole
The daughter of the Marquis, Mathilde is bored with Parisian society and immediately takes a liking to Julien. Slightly imbalanced, Mathilde has a flair for the dramatic. She is obsessed with her ancestor Boniface de la Mole and pretends that Julien looks and acts like him. She falls in love with Julien and married him. When Julien was in jail, she tried her best to avoid him from getting the death penalty.


Casts:
Fred Colas: Prest, Judge, housekeeper
Valewu Cynthia Tolleron: Elisa
Patrice Maktav: Monsieur Valenod
Elsa Perusin: Madame Valenod
Haylen: Louise de Renal
Come: Julien Sorel
Julie Fournier: Mathilde de la Mole
Michel Lerousseau: Le Marquis de la Mole
Philippe Escande: Monsieur de Renal
Noemie Garcia: Madame de Fervaques
Louis Michaut: Marquis de Croisenois
Yoann Launay: Geronimo

Band members:
Guitarist: Mao Blanc
Drummer: Camille Bigeault, Stephane Boutinaud
Bass player: Sabrina Boudaoud
Keyboard player: Brice Mirrione


Scenes and songs: 

Scene 1: Opening
Song name: Ecouter son cour
Translation: Listen to the hearts
Singers: Geronimo

Scene 2: Monsieur and Madame de Renal wait for the arrival of the new private instructor
Song name: La sagesse est de tous les ges
Translation: Wisdom of all ages
Singers: Julien Sorel

Scene 3: Elisa et Luise
Song name: Ding dong
Translation: Ding Dong
Singers: Elisa, Luise

Scene 4: Luise and Elisa at the garden
Song name: Ce qui compte
Translation: The most important thing
Singers: Madame et Monsieur de Renal

Song name: La gloire a mes genius
Translation: The glory at my feet
Singers: Julien Sorel

Scene 5: Julien showed up in front of Louise’s window
Song name: Les maudits mots d’amour
Translation: Curse of love
Singers: 

Scene 6: Dinner at  Valenods’
Song name: Que c'est bon d'être un bourgeois
Translation: It’s good to be a bourgeois
Singers:  Geronimo

Scene 7: Monsieur de Renal received an anonymous letter 
Song name: Je suis lache, et alors?
Translation: I’m a coward, so what?
Singers: Monseur Renal

Scene 8: Julien left Verriere and comes to Paris
Song: Dans le Noir Je vois Rouge 
Translation: Light In the darkness
Singers: Julien Sorel, Luise

Scene 9: The dinner at de la more’s
Song name: Quel ennui
Translation: How boring it is.
Singers: Mathilde de la more

Song name: Tout se perd
Translation: Everything is lost
Singers: Monsieur Valenod & Madame Valenod

Scene 10： Library 
Song name: Le temps passe avec vous
Translation: The time with you
Singers: Mathilde de la more

Scene 11: Julien enters Mathilde’s bedroom
Song name: Sans elles
Translation: Without the girls
Signers:  Julien Sorel

Song name: il aurait suffi
Translation: it would have been enough
Singers:Julien Sorel,  Mathilde de la more

Scene 12: Valenod used guilt to hold Loise hostage

Scene 13: Geronimo’s advice
Song name： Pour qu’elles nous aiment 
Translation: So that they may love us
Singers: Geronimo

Scene 14: Mathilde’s confession
Song name: Mis a mort 
Translation: Kill
Singers:  Geronimo&Soprano singers made of a piece of paper board 

Song name: Ces peines perdues
Translation: Such a waste of efforts
Singesr: Le Marquis de la Mole



Scene 15: from wedding to jeil
Song name: L’amour nous de sarme
Translation: Love disarms us
Singers: Julien Sorel

Scene 16: Louise visited the prison before the execution
Song name: Je vous laisse helas
Translation: I’ll wait for you
Singers: Luise

Song name: Le coeur est vainqueur 
Translation: The heart is victorious
Singers: all casts 

Encore& curtain call:
Song name: Eviter les roses
Translation: Avoid the roses
Singers: All casts
